- I might be a little sick.
- Oh man.
- I was trying so hard.
- Ooh.
- You don't sound good.
- Yeah.
(laughing)
- I was trying so hard to deny it.
- Good luck.
(upbeat music)
- Casey, she has this thing with like,
how powerful your mind is, you know,
and like she thinks I have an especially powerful mind.
I convinced myself I'm sick.
So she has this whole routine she goes through
when she starts feeling symptoms
and like telling yourself, it's just,
it's allergies, it's fine.
So I did the whole routine for a couple of days
and I thought it went away.
And then I was like so psyched that I used the power
of my mind to not be sick.
And then I woke up this morning
and my throat feels awful and I can't talk.
- So I do believe in that stuff, if I'm being honest.
- Yeah.
- Okay, so I'm gonna say a bunch of stuff.
I'm sure someone will listen to and be like,
that's not accurate, but whatever,
I'm just gonna say it anyway.
I have heard that paramedics are trained
when they're like, let's say that someone's in an accident
and they're like hurt and maybe unconscious,
when they're moving them into the ambulance
and like around them, not to say stuff like,
this person's fucked or like,
they're definitely not gonna make it.
- Well, yeah, that would be bad, if so.
- Because I think I've heard that there's research
that shows that subconsciously, if you hear that,
that actually has a good impact on your outcome.
- Wow.
- 'Cause at the end of the day, like your body,
it's not like external stuff that's healing your body.
It's your body healing your own body.
- Yeah.
- And some part of that is controlled by,
I mean, it's like a complex emergency system, of course,
but like, yeah, part of me like believes there's some,
some tie with like the conscious
and not conscious part of you.
- It's kind of wild when you think about your body,
like all the things that your active brain don't control.
- Oh yeah.
- Doesn't control.
- Yeah.
- Like just all the autonomous systems and things happening.
And like how, like, what, there's like in your gut, even,
is there something about like--
- Like a bacteria?
- Well, like, there's the bacteria,
but then there's also this idea that like,
it's not just, what is it that's in your brain,
it sounds only in your brain, neurons, is that what it is?
- 'Cause I--
- There's like a cluster of them,
like the second largest cluster is like in your gut
or something like that.
- Is that what it is?
- I don't know, I'm making stuff up.
(laughing)
It's this idea that not all like messages come from your brain.
I used to think like everything in your body
is being controlled by signals from your brain,
but like lots of different parts of your body
actually make their own decisions
and kind of like act on their own.
Is that true?
- The other thing with that is like the gut bacteria also,
like that's also communicating to your brain
and asking for things.
And that's like not you technically, but it is.
- It is.
- Like I mean, the thing with sugar,
like people talk about sugar,
I mean I've experienced it myself,
like if you start eating a bunch of sugar,
your like sugar addiction like really starts going up.
- Yeah.
- And I think that just from the bacteria in your gut
that's like demanding more and more of it.
And if you stop eating sugar cold turkey for like three days,
it just all goes away.
So it's so weird that this conscious part of your brain,
like sometimes I'll just be like zoning out
and walking around my house.
Next thing I know, like there's something sweet in my hand
that I'm eating and I don't really remember like me doing that.
And yeah, something like mind controlled me from my gut.
Really weird.
- We're not really one living organism, are we?
We're like a legion of living organisms.
We're like a host to all of these things
that like the gut microbiome is nuts.
I want to talk about the food psychology thing.
You saying that reminded me.
There was like, I don't know, three, four months ago,
I tweeted something about like struggling with food psychology
and just that my wife and I feel like half of our daily struggle
is just food and having to...
I mean, there's like the logistics of it that are painful,
having to make it clean it up, whatever.
All the preparing and being in the kitchen and doing all that.
But just the food psychology part
where we feel like we've constantly battled
just like eating for fun or boredom or stress
or whatever we're dealing with.
And I tweeted something about like,
hey, anybody have solutions?
And everybody's like, what are you talking about?
Food's easy, what, huh?
And I felt so alone.
(laughing)
I felt like I'm crying.
Oh, this is bad.
This may or may not make it under our podcast feed.
No, it's definitely got to make it, this hilarious.
Okay.
Yeah, I just remember like,
not a lot of people seem to resonate with this idea
of like the difficulty of food psychology
and just like eating the things you need
and not just for funsies.
'Cause I feel like so much of my eating
is probably unnecessary.
And that's been a constant struggle.
Do you feel, is that a struggle?
Like the sugar addiction thing is what made me think of this
'cause we definitely struggle with getting into sugar.
I can definitely relate to some of it.
I don't think it manifests for me the exact same way.
I think I'm not someone that has a habit
of just eating all the time.
Like if anything, I forget to eat all the time.
Like I've eaten anything today.
Yeah, when I'm working, I do, yeah.
Exactly.
So I don't think I have that habit of eating
but I'll go through periods of time
where I'm like, it always starts out the same
where like we'll have, you know what?
I think we're starting it.
I think the period is starting right now.
'Cause Liz was like, I'm gonna make a cake.
She made a cake and it's a big cake.
It's a big chocolate cake and it's really good.
And I literally had it for breakfast yesterday.
It starts off with something like that
and then I just start eating it every day
and then I just get used to like pretty much having access
as something sweet like whenever I need it.
Yeah.
So for me, it's always like at the end of every day for me,
it's like I have to end on like a sweet something.
Yeah, sweet.
But like that, it's not like it stays like flat.
Like I just start doing more and more and more
and then it gets to the kind of like a weird place
but the fix is so easy for me, I just discovered it.
Like it's very easy for me to just go cold turkey
for three or four days
and then I just go back to normal.
So that part I can relate to the,
okay, I'm like not really in control
of what's happening in relation to food.
And I'm sure that like manifests for you
in like a different way.
I don't know, I feel like it's first world problems.
It's like the abundance of food that we have
in our society creates all these different struggles.
I feel like if I just talk like this,
if I just talk in this register,
you can't really tell that I'm sick.
I'm gonna try to maintain.
I feel there's some cod podcast
so it's a talk about on purpose all the time.
Yeah, just monotone like this, just all love.
Is it monotone?
It's like a whisper.
It's like a crime podcast where they're like talking
about this file that they dug up from the local.
Yeah, I think that's what it is.
Sharest apartment.
And you would not believe what,
that's still a lot of true crime podcasts.
(laughing)
I haven't listened to any.
Don't you guys get like really scared?
Like, doesn't that like work up your paranoia at all?
Me and who's you guys?
Just all the people that listen to true crime stuff.
I don't really get it.
So it's, for me, it started with cereal.
Yeah.
And I've just been chasing that experience.
It's like meth.
It's like the first time you do it.
It's the highest high
and then you're just chasing that for the rest of your life.
I'm just chasing the cereal experience.
I'll never get there again.
But it made me think maybe it's a genre.
Maybe I just need to listen to more true crime stuff
and I'll find something that engages me like cereal did.
Nope, it's, it's Sarah Koenig.
It's her storytelling.
I don't know if I've talked about this
on the podcast before
but it's just anything she does I think
is what I really am into.
But yeah, I've listened to much of true crime.
Don't get scared, I guess.
Nothing about cereal scared me
about a high school drama turned murder.
I don't know.
Yeah, I don't get scared about true crime stuff.
Yeah.
I can see why the cereal story maybe isn't necessarily scary
but hound visited me a few weeks ago.
And we were talking about how he goes on these
like really crazy rabbit holes with true crimes.
The one listening to true crime stuff
but also it's like reading like.
Oh, the Wikipedia stuff.
Yeah, I forgot what he was describing
but it was always like, it was like, yeah,
I was on Wikipedia and I was reading about this serial killer
and he did all this crazy stuff
but then there was a link on the Wikipedia article
to this other guy who actually even more crazy stuff.
And I clicked on that and then he just kept going
and going and then like, you know, he's out.
He's like mostly from the city
but like, you know, when he's visiting,
he's in Maine now, he's in the middle of nowhere
and it can be kind of creepy.
So like, yeah, like I'm not surprised that he's like,
you know, imagining all this crazy stuff happening to him
when he'll read all that stuff.
Yeah, I just finished a podcast actually.
I think I know, I didn't get scared
but when you listen to some of this stuff,
it's alarming that there are people
that their brain works this way.
So like it was about a serial killer.
I can't remember now what it's called.
It's about the serial killer from like the 70s, I think
but he had like a whole family and they had no idea
but he was like killing all these people, what was it called?
A podcast, true crime.
Why am I doing this?
I'm trying to find it, not bear brook.
I did listen to some of that.
I mean, some of these podcasts really do have
the most monotone voice ever.
- It's a serious topic.
- Yeah, I guess so.
- You're gonna be like, I'm next.
- You stabbed them six times in the story, yeah.
- But it takes away when like they just sound so boring.
Like you sound like a very boring person, you know?
- It was about this guy that they just went
into some of the stories of like the murders
and just how cold and how like, how could his brain
just like be that way?
How is that another human being?
I don't know that part.
It's not scary, it's just kind of like very dark
to think about psychopaths and all this.
- Have you killed any people?
- Have I killed any people?
Like listening to that, does it make you wanna,
you know, is it making you curious?
(laughing)
- I don't know why that's so funny to me.
Is it making me curious about killing people?
(laughing)
- Listen, okay, let me just explain the thought process here.
At some point, I'm assuming you came across Elon Musk
and Mark Zuckerberg with their whole like Jiu-Jitsu fight.
And then you saw people like, you know, doing Jiu-Jitsu.
- They didn't do it though, did they?
- No, they didn't.
But I'm assuming that was like some thing
that caught your attention.
And then you probably started watching
some people do Jiu-Jitsu.
And then now you're like really into it
and doing it like crazy.
(laughing)
- It's not unreasonable for me to ask.
- For me to get curious,
just 'cause I got into true crime podcasts.
- Like, no, you're like, I wanna be the number one serial killer.
I wanna be a world-class serial killer
that's killed more people than anyone.
- Oh man, it's too good.
'Cause I see the connection.
I see how you got there.
I do get curious about things and then,
yeah, I wanna conquer them.
This is not one though.
I've not got curious about a life of crime.
- Okay, well, thought I'd ask.
So speaking of people dying,
do you see my poll the other day about people being born?
- Yeah, the five billion people.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
I wanna ask you about that.
I mean, I know the right answer.
- I don't know if there's a right or wrong answer,
but I do feel there's a right perspective.
And I posted that, so the poll was,
and I kind of fudged the numbers a little bit,
but when I was born,
there was roughly five billion people on the earth.
And now there's like almost double.
When you hear that,
do you immediately feel like that's exciting,
so much more opportunity?
Or do you feel like,
oh no, like so much less opportunity,
so many more people I'm competing with?
And I was curious to see what the split was.
And I think it was like 60/40.
It was technically,
most people did feel like a positive way about that.
But 40% of people felt negative.
And to me, I would kind of hope being it would be
like an 80/20 split or something.
Like more negative.
- No, I was hoping that most people would feel more positive.
Like I think it should be like,
I feel like that split.
- Yeah, I gotcha.
- Yeah, and it's like,
I think I had this thought like a long time ago.
I was like, man, there's always like
the richest guy in the world.
And then somehow like someone surpasses them.
And it's like, how does it always happen?
Like how did Bill Gates become the rich?
I mean, I think he's like in and out now,
but there was a time where Bill Gates
was the richest like forever,
like ever since I could recall
that he was the richest guy.
And then at some point, Jeff Bezos,
like passive and I was like,
whoa, how do you pass a richest guy?
And at some point I realized like,
oh, Jeff Bezos, this company is serving like,
there's more people on the planet to like serve
and do a service for.
So yeah, like when the population doubles,
like it's going to be even easier for someone
to like surpass whatever, whatever that is.
And that's like the most naive way of looking at it.
Like every person is like a little bit.
It's like more people in the world
that like whatever service you're offering
is more people you can offer that service.
Whatever you need done,
there's more people that are capable of doing it for you.
And all like the interconnectivity,
like that's all exponential as well.
- Yeah.
- So to me, I feel like very positive about that stuff.
And I love population growth.
And I like want to like see there
being more and more and more and more and more people.
But I think a lot of people feel negative about it.
And they see like a lot of problems in the world.
And they're like, this wouldn't be a problem
if we only had half as many people.
- Is it like mostly like climate concerns
that the most vocal groups?
- Yeah, it's stuff like that.
But like you see it everywhere, like, you know,
people are like, oh, there's not enough housing,
which is fair.
Like the housing has not kept up with population growth.
But they like look at it as we need to like curb population.
- Yeah.
- But like it's, it's just crazy.
Cause like with more people that exist,
like the better quality of life that goes up
cause we're just outputting more in net.
- Yeah.
- So like your life would just be a lot worse
if there were, you know, less people in the world.
But yeah, I was curious to see what the response was.
And yeah, I think they almost have people
feel kind of negative about population.
- Yeah, I wonder, I do wonder how many of like,
I would love to know the breakdown of why people feel that way.
The people who feel negatively about like is it,
is it a huge chunk of them or concerned about housing
or the climate or is it other stuff?
Is it competition?
Like you feel like there's more people competing
for the same resources or something?
- Yeah, I think that definitely can be stressful.
Like sometimes they look at the stats
and the number of software engineers there are.
And like I can like kind of feel that way too.
I'm like, holy shit, they're like millions of,
these are pretty million I think.
Yeah.
- Yeah, it's cause I definitely was not that high
when I was first starting.
- When you were starting, there was only five developers.
When you were born, there's only five developers.
Five billion people on earth and five developers.
- There's five developers.
I was born, it was, it was, my dad was one,
Bill Gates was the other one.
- Yeah.
I was the other one.
(laughing)
- Oh man.
- I get the immediate feeling of being negative,
but I think overall it's always been positive.
- Yeah, I just, I remember seeing yesterday
a tweet from John Carmack.
I just, every time he tweets, I just love it.
But it was something about his like visual studio IDE
and debugging processors.
- Yeah, the history of like of what he used
and like what he was working on
and what tools made sense for that, yeah.
- Yeah, it's just so funny that like,
he is like the granddaddy of us all.
He's like, does everybody look up to John Carmack?
I feel like he's your programmer.
Yeah, he's amazing.
And he uses visual studio and I feel like
that should just make it,
we should all just be using visual studio
because we look up to John Carmack,
but we don't.
(laughing)
Somehow he doesn't have that pull that inch left.
I guess game dev is different,
game dev is different than,
it's really interesting how those two worlds
live separately, like game developers
and like software developers.
- Yeah.
- Like the ecosystem completely evolved separately.
Like, do you know what I'm talking about?
There's not a lot of crossover.
- Yeah.
- It feels like our like cousins or something
that we never see except Thanksgiving or whatever.
- Yeah, did you, did I already talk about
that Stardew Valley game on here?
- Would you say Stardew?
- It's called Stardew Valley.
- No.
- If you look it up, you might never heard those words.
- Yeah, I mean, okay, so it's a game made by one guy, okay?
- Like Rollercoaster Tycoon?
- Yeah, exactly similar.
So he had the concept for the game.
He programs it, he makes all the artwork,
he even makes all the music, he does everything.
It's a one person company.
I think it's sold like $400 million worth.
- Wow.
- So imagine being this person
and you can do everything, you can do the whole,
talk about full stack, you can do it all.
- Yeah.
- Every day you wake up,
you literally have no one to report to.
- You don't have like-- - Oh man, yeah.
- Customers in a traditional sense.
No like overhead employee, like nothing,
you're just there and you just have like $400 million
sitting in your bank account.
You have like generational wealth.
- Yeah.
- And I mean, again, the numbers might be wrong,
but it's like some insane number like that.
And it's like, wow, that is really impressive.
Like game devs are super impressive.
Like I can definitely nail some parts of that game myself,
but like I couldn't do the music
and I couldn't really do the arts.
But yeah, they're like really multi-talented.
Are people gonna, are there gonna be developers
that are like us, they're just normal developers
and then they become game devs because of AI?
Like they start generating assets with AI stuff.
- Yeah, I think so.
That's like the biggest bottleneck for me.
Like I'm not, I don't have that skill
and I don't really think my,
I don't think I can get that good at it either.
It's like try it. - Yeah, right.
- But yeah, I think yeah.
It definitely lowers the bar for people like me.
- Yeah.
I'm feeling very uninteresting today, I'm sorry.
They took like all these vials on my blood, I'm sick.
- Wait, did they take your blood because you were sick?
- No, no, no, no, it was unrelated.
It's that Brian Johnson- - That's a blueprint.
- Yeah, they're doing like baseline, which I'm sick.
So all my numbers are gonna be weird of it.
- That's why, you know, it's a large study.
- Yeah, there's 5,000 people.
I'm terrible at it.
I've done none of the checklist stuff.
We're supposed to like be ordering,
Casey's like done all her stuff.
And she's like, have you signed up for an account blueprint?
I'm like, no, you have to order your blueprint stack.
I'm like, what is a blueprint stack?
There's all these steps and I've done none of them.
I'm terrible, I might not even do it, I don't know.
- Did you see that clip of his
where he was talking about haters?
- No.
- Oh man, it was so good.
He was like, the more and more as he is a guy,
the more and more I like him.
Like you just, I just think he's likable.
- Yeah, he's figuring out the internet too.
- It's actually more than that.
I actually think if you see him and you don't find him likable,
it actually means that you're unlikable.
That's like the, I think I had to feel strong enough
about this.
If you don't find him like interesting and entertaining
and you don't like him, like I don't like you probably.
- There's a lot of people that don't like him.
- Yeah, exactly.
You don't like, yeah.
- I like that 'cause it's like a very good filter.
It's a very clear filter.
- Interesting.
- He was like very calmly talking about haters
and like, it's not really genuine, really passionate.
He was like, I love haters.
Like if you don't have haters, you're not going hard enough.
And I was like, I love the perspective they bring.
Like it's, you know, sparring with them all this stuff.
Like he was just really like talking like passionately
about the concept of haters.
And I was like, you know what?
That's a good perspective.
- Yeah, I feel like you have haters for sure, right?
- And I think I need more.
I feel like he's right that.
- Can I have some of yours?
I don't think I have any.
Do I have any haters?
Does anybody hate me?
- I feel like you've gotten more haters than I have, I think.
- Okay, here's what it is.
- Excuse me.
- I can just slam haters every single day, for sure.
But you have had a cute moment of intense hate.
Like when you posted that coffee thing.
- Oh, what?
- The caffeine thing.
When you were like...
- That's a moment though.
They forgot about me the next day.
Like they don't hate, they're not a hater.
Like there's people that probably see your tweets
and they get all riled up every single day.
Like they follow you, just they hate follow you.
- That's true.
I'm just saying that you have the capacity for that as well
as you can demonstrate that in the past.
- I can be really annoying in short bursts.
- Yeah.
- And you apologize three times.
(laughing)
Go watch the brand jobs in the video and you wanna pause.
- I'm like more of an acquired taste.
I feel like that you have to kind of like sit with me
for hours and then you start to appreciate my personality.
- I've been listening to...
(laughing)
I can't talk.
I've been listening to our...
(laughing)
To our little social clips,
or we're making little clips for social stuff.
It's so hard to find one where I am coherent at all.
Like it'll be a 30 second clip
and I can't figure out what I'm even talking about
and I said it, I'm like 20 seconds in
and I don't know what I'm saying.
And you have this like very deliberate,
like laid out logical path to everything you say.
And I'm just like,
(laughing)
- This is gonna be a great clip right here.
- Yeah, yeah, yeah, so what I can't figure out is
why do people listen to our podcast?
And I start to think maybe they listen to a lot more
if it was just you.
(laughing)
- But would I be talking dude?
This is just the wall?
- I don't just talk to yourself.
Yeah, just read your own tweets, you know?
- No, okay, here's the thing.
We've been getting really good feedback from people
and our numbers are looking good.
- Yeah.
- Don't, don't introspect it.
(laughing)
It's just...
- Okay, don't try.
- It's working.
People like it for whatever reason.
- Okay.
- I don't know why.
It doesn't feel like we're doing anything on purpose
if it feels like all accidental but...
- We'll take it.
- Half the people that hate Dax hate him
because of that Rich Harris video.
So this is also an interesting concept.
Did you see the screenshot I posted?
- Yeah.
- Yeah, someone replied to me being like,
hey, what was up with that video of you and Rich Harris?
Like it was really awkward and like you're really mean
and he seemed really upset when he left.
And I found this so fascinating 'cause I was like,
wow, this really reflects how subjective
everyone's experience of like the universes.
Imagine ever watching that video
and thinking it was anything else in the joke.
It seems impossible.
It seems like there's no way.
There's no way I could ever mistake that.
But there's some percentage of people out there
that see it and have a completely different experience
and maybe wherever they're from like that type of sarcasm
or that type of humor isn't really a thing.
So it just seems like awkward and like maybe even like
cringy to them to watch.
But for us, it's not.
- No, yeah.
- I had never heard for what it's worth,
I'd never heard of between two ferns.
So I obviously knew you were joking 'cause I know you
but I could see a world where I don't know you
or Rich Harris or what you like do in life.
And I see that video and maybe don't know,
but it's, but I don't know.
Somebody wouldn't put it on YouTube if it was that bad.
Like you gotta just understand that this is not a real,
this is staged.
- Yeah.
Have you seen that, what's her name?
I think her name is Bobby.
She does like, everyone thinks she's some kind
of like industry plant 'cause she gets all these crazy
interviews with like the most famous people,
but she does the same thing where it's like a super awkward
interview and she gets like the funniest close possible.
And to be honest, like I think like some of those are real.
Like I think some of those are just like real interactions.
- Yeah.
- I saw one yesterday after I heard she was interviewing,
but the interviewer described it.
She's like, oh, you're a musician.
And the person gets really upset.
She's like, I'm not a musician.
Like why do you keep calling a musician?
Like you think, like I'm doing magic.
They just go back and forth with this woman thing.
She's saying magician and not musician.
And then she's like, they're getting into a fight.
She's like, I'm not a magician.
Like I'm a musician, I'm not a musician.
I do music.
I do acting.
And she's like, wait, but you said you do music.
So you are a musician.
And they were just like, it was so good.
It was so funny.
And I'm just like, I guess someone, I did watch a video
about a little bit of the history of, I guess humor
that we find very normal, but it's like somewhat recent
and like the introduction of some of this type of humor.
- Yeah.
- And this like whole like awkward moment thing
that we're all super into.
And like I think a lot of humor is in that format.
- Yeah.
- It's actually like somewhat new.
It's not like it's been around forever.
Like like the office kind of humor
where someone's doing really something really like weird
and everyone else is uncomfortable about it.
Yeah, that just wasn't a thing for a long time.
- That's a pretty recent phenomenon.
Yeah.
It makes me want to have people on the show
that I think would make really awkward situations
'cause I do feel like there's something funny.
It's probably, you're inspiring me
with your between two ferns videos.
There's just something so funny about like,
this is a train wreck and I hate it
and I want to be gone.
Something about that's enjoyable to me, I don't know.
- It is extremely hard.
So now that I've like made, I'm able to make two of them,
but having gotten the process of making them
and then I watch these like professional people do it,
I'm just like, again, with the same person, Bobbie Lee,
maybe I'm mixing up her name and his name, whatever.
But he's like a hilarious comedian,
has been one for decades now.
And their interactions are so, so funny,
like a hundred times funnier than anything that I've done.
And I think they're completely unscripted too.
And I'm like, these people are so much better than me at this.
Like they're so, so talented.
And I really appreciate it now, having done it.
Like all of the things that I've made heavily, heavily edited,
all of my lines are scripted.
I refilm stuff after to like insert lines
that I thought of later.
But the things that, you know,
the things that I'm talking about is professionally made ones
are not like that.
They just have like one hour to capture the footage
and they just roll with it and it's really amazing.
- Is it mostly acting or are they just that good
at just being awkward?
Is that part of their personality?
Like, yeah, I think one, whoever's a host
doesn't need to be really strong
'cause they need to be a hundred percent in character
and not break it and make the other person really feel
like you're in this antagonistic situation.
And then the other person has like play off of it really well.
And yeah, when you see like professionals do it
versus like, let's say like the interviewer does it
with like an athlete or something, it's still good.
But you can see that there's a massive gap
between these two types of people.
- Keep trying, you'll get better decks.
- You'll never get out of it yet, but.
- And then Parkis, I couldn't think of earlier,
it was called The Clearing.
It's about Edward Wayne, Edward's serial killer.
Sorry, I had to say that 'cause I remembered it.
- Great, so if you guys wanna watch or listen to stuff
about people getting killed,
if you're maybe curious about killing yourself like Adam is.
- Oh my word, you can't say stuff like that, Dex.
- Why?
- You just can't, I don't know.
It's like touchy.
- What does touchy say so?
I thought this was America.
I thought we could say whatever we wanted.
- What do you mean I can't say stuff?
- I was trying to be so serious and make you feel bad
and I'm just bad at that too.
- Has that ever worked?
- No.
- Making me feel bad.
- You ever felt bad about anything?
- I don't think so.
- Never in your life.
- I just never done anything bad, so.
- It's really bad.
- Ever.
- I think once.
(upbeat music)
- I have tweets of yours I wanna ask you questions about,
for sure.
- This is a section of a podcast where you're like,
who are you sub-tweeting in this one?
Who are you sub-tweeting in that one?
- Yeah.
- Yeah, 'cause I can tell, I know it's a sub-tweet
and I just can't figure out, who is it?
I'm gonna read one of your tweets.
Everyone I meet that works on a top 1% web app
finds all the latest web dev tech in quotes,
completely irrelevant.
They do enjoy making fun of it though.
I have, I feel like I've experienced
the making fun of latest web dev stuff
from people who like know what they're doing,
but I can't think of it, buddy.
Were you thinking of me?
Is that what you're just me?
Am I on a top one? - Yeah, I think so.
I mean, I've got to ask you this.
I wasn't making any of you.
- Yeah, no, I didn't say so.
- It's fine.
No, let's make it awkward.
No, I feel really bad.
You made me feel bad decks.
- I just, I said top 1% and I think people didn't understand
or like people.
- Yeah, is that by like traffic?
What is that?
- No, I wasn't talking about traffic at all.
I was just talking about like-
- Quality.
- These are high quality, like really impressive things.
- Like linear.
- Yeah, you would need to be in the top 1% of developers
to like execute.
Not just developers, just product people
in general, to execute something like this.
Yeah, and I've been talking to the people behind Fay.
- Is that the finance one?
- Yeah, their long-term goal to compete
with Bloomberg Terminal.
- Oh, right, right.
- That's Fayapp.com, F-E-Yapp.com.
That thing is beautiful.
It is super well made, so many little details.
- Fayapp.
- So many little details, like just really well executed.
The team is also constantly posting like pretty much
like every day or every other day.
They like zoom in a little detail.
They just built and like talk about how they built it.
And it's always like crazy attention and detail.
So well done.
I've been talking to them a little bit more.
And they're like, they're all, one, they're crazy.
They're like, they're all super funny and like weird.
And they just don't give a shit about any of the Twitter
discourse on like, here's like the future of Web Dev.
And like, we're betting everything on PPR
and this shit like that.
- Yep.
- It's just not relevant to that.
- PPR, wait, is that a real one?
- Yeah, that's a fancy little thing.
Oh, it's a real one.
Okay, I'm sorry.
- At this point, any three letters you arrange,
it's probably a real thing.
(laughing)
- Sorry, I had that well moment because it says,
press T anytime to start your trial.
And it was just a cool experience.
- Oh, yeah.
- Like it drops down and yeah.
- It's just like, you can just feel the quality.
Whenever I describe things in this way,
like the best apps or like the top one percent of whatever,
people ask me to like explain it or like drill
into what I mean by that.
- Yeah.
- So look at this, you just go to the site and you know,
you just know that these people are like next level, right?
It's just a feeling you get right away.
- Yeah, yeah.
- There's not really any specifics.
Yeah, and they both, there's a very different
than how I build our stuff and so it is interesting
from that angle too.
- Oh, you followed up with that one an hour later.
This was a bit unclear.
They're using cutting edge techniques and tools,
just not the ones you're told matter.
Yeah, we gotta have Guillermo on the podcast now.
I feel like it has to happen.
- There's just enough like stuff that you've said,
slander towards the tribal company.
(laughing)
I just would love to see you two in a room together.
I don't know.
- I was actually just slandering them before you got on.
- Oh really?
- Yeah, I was a-
- On Twitch, yeah.
- I was reading, they posted and I find this so funny.
I think it's like perfectly symbolic of everything
that we talk about.
I saw an article from them the other day being,
Marcel expands like PCI compliance or something.
It's some title like that and I was like,
this is really weird.
Like they like, I don't even think they signed BAA's
or they're not like HIPAA compliant or anything last I checked.
Like why are they like PCI compliant?
That's so specific and really intense to get PCI certified.
Like who is using for sell for like payments infrastructure?
- Yeah.
- So then I go into the article and the whole article
is about how to use an iframe to not send stuff to Marcel.
They're like, if you wanna be PCI compliant,
here's how you take all your PCI compliant stuff,
put in an iframe and like don't send it to Marcel.
- I facilitate it from Marcel, yeah.
- Yeah, but then like they posted it in this way
of being like, we're expanding our PCI compliant.
And I'm just like, man, what is this?
- I got two tweets of yours,
they'll get us into some tech stuff.
One, you're gonna use button in ION stuff.
So where is button at on the scale of maturity?
- So I have now either moved over
in the process of moving over to use button
for all my tool chain needs.
If that makes sense.
- So just like local dev stuff and build process.
- So Liz is getting more hands on
in front end engineering stuff.
And I was getting her set up and I was explaining to her
like, okay, this is what Node.js is.
This is, you know, people wanna run JavaScript outside
of the browser.
So it's not giving her all history.
And then I was like, how the hell do I explain
what PNPM is?
Like, like, why is this?
I was like trying to explain to her.
And I was just like, there's actually no,
I couldn't think of like a clean model of like,
this is Node.
And then this is other random thing you use with Node
so that you can use Node.
And I was just like, something clicked for me
where I was like, button just makes all this stuff
easy to understand.
You use button to run your stuff.
You use button to install your packages.
Any step you do as part of local development,
you use button for.
Very clean, very understandable.
And now that like, it sold me.
So I moved all my local development stuff to there.
But still not using it in like production or anything.
- Like run time, yeah.
Not using it in the critical path of like users
making requests and then serving stuff from BUN.
- The reason we're using BUN in SST now,
we're actually shipping BUN with SST
in case you don't have it installed.
- Oh, interesting.
How big is it?
- So it's 90 megabytes.
- 90 megabytes?
- But I did some performance like measurements yesterday
where so we are like really trying to hide the concept
of Node modules for SST.
Like your application on Node modules
and like you don't, like we don't want you to like
additionally think about like SST related Node modules
that are kind of internal details.
Like the whole thing before of like SST two,
we have to like update your CDK package
and there's created a ton of mess.
- Right, yeah.
- We want to hide, we are using Node modules
in the background minimally.
We want to hide them as much as possible.
So when you install SST, which is now like a Go based CLI,
we do need to pull some Node modules down.
And I was pulling them with NPM and man, it was slow.
For like 300 megabytes of NPM modules,
like it was taking like close to a minute.
This is a terrible experience.
Literally downloading BUN and having BUN do the install
is like so much faster.
So I like tried it and I was like, this is really weird,
but you know what, there's actually no problem
with doing this, it's just a works.
If you have BUN install already, we'll use it.
Otherwise we install like like a localized version
to SST version of BUN.
And yeah, we're using it.
And I think over time, we'll be able to use it
for more and more and more.
We're just using it for the install now,
but it's good to know that it's there
for other stuff that we wouldn't use it for.
- Interesting.
So yeah, fantastic.
- The other tweet was your live Lambda change.
You made a change to how like SST for those who don't know
is like, that was the first thing
that kind of put you on the map, right?
It was live Lambda reloads.
Like you change the file and then you can hit your API
and it's hitting AWS infrastructure,
but then it's like routing back to your local machine
to run your code and then going back.
So you changed, you did something
and you made it 10 times faster.
I want to say it 10 times.
- 100 times? - 100 times faster.
- I don't know.
Okay.
It's already so fast that like,
I don't think making it faster really is noticeable.
- Yeah, I wonder, I want to ask you that.
Like what is faster?
Like when I saved the file.
- Yeah, I had to re-implement it 'cause we're for ion.
Like I, there was a task of re-implementing it
'cause, you know, it's a brand new CLI.
So I had to re-implement it.
It's like my third time implementing it.
So given it's my third time, it's just going to come out better.
- Yeah.
- So it did just come out better.
It handles like all these different edge cases better.
Like scenarios like you hit save and that starts a rebuild
but in the middle of a rebuild, like a request comes in
like we'll like block that request, the build's done
and then like then pipe it through and handling like errors
and crashes and like there's a lot of like edge cases
that we didn't handle before.
So I think with this implementation, the speed,
it is faster.
Like I'm actually streaming raw like HTTP requests
and responses over IOT implementation is simpler.
We can swap out IOT with like a container
that just uses a proxy kind of like NGRAC as well
for people that like can't use IOT
or like, you know, are in some kind of corporate environment
where they need to do it differently.
So overall implementation, everything is better.
And yeah, it did result in things being faster
but the thing that I'm more interested in is like,
there's just so many edge cases
and I've kind of flipped my way of working on this.
So typically I will try to get something
to be as complete as possible as soon as possible.
And then people will report errors
and I'll fix them over time.
- Yeah.
- But especially with something like this
where I know like it's not like a random new feature
like it's the same feature trying to fix every possible
edge case I know of can think about upfront.
I think is working better because I'm like in it right now
and I have all the context.
And if we ship this and release it in a month later,
someone tells me like, oh, you know,
when I get a burst of 50 requests
like my computer crashes is gonna try to do too much work.
It's like harder for me to get back into the design of it
and I figure out what needs to be changed.
So yeah, I think for quality, it's really,
if we've been doing this thing
when we do like this really intense polishing phase
like a week or two before we ship anything
and we end up having like a list of like 100 items
just kind of cranking through every single thing.
Yeah, we're doing that upfront more than trying to like
get to it later because I think it just doesn't happen later.
- Yeah, I have no follow up questions.
I didn't have any follow up questions for your last thing
either.
I'm just like, I'm throwing stuff at you.
Hey, talk about this.
- Well, your voice is gone.
So I got a, I feel like my voice is going out too.
- Oh no, it's contagious.
- Yeah, you got me sick through Riverside.
Is that new feature?
- Through Riverside, new feature.
- Let's talk about her guests.
So I posted yesterday because we're talking about
having more guests on, which is always fun.
And asked who people wanted to see.
Unsurprisingly, Ken Wheeler had like a crazy number
of replies and likes and he himself tagged himself.
So he also wants to come on.
And so it's definitely do that.
I think Ryan Florence also tagged himself
and that also got a bunch of replies.
So I think those will be fun.
Both of them are really funny people.
- Yeah, I've got to spend some time with Ken.
I'm only just getting to know Ryan just through Twitter.
I want to go snowboard with him.
I almost snowboarded once.
So now I feel like I could bond with somebody
in the mountains on a snowboard.
- Wait, I thought you said you were going snowboarding.
- I was and then my knee was too swollen and painful.
I don't know if this is, I'm going to say,
I'm not going to say who, but someone,
someone hurt themselves on the mountain.
Someone with me, I'm going to stop now
because I just don't want to share information.
It's like medical information, I don't know.
I don't want to share that on the internet.
- Someone on the mountain that was with you.
- That was just a terrible teaser.
- You don't know anyone except your immediate family.
So I don't know how big that would be.
- Never mind, it's not for me to say,
but it was an eventful trip on the mountain.
- I see.
- Anyway, I'm going to stop now.
That sounded, I've been talking about serial killers.
I just, now I tease somebody got hurt on a mountain.
You guys are all going to think I killed somebody.
- You're smiling the whole time you're saying that.
- Was it an accident, Adam, or were you?
- It wasn't an accident.
- Taking a step down a path that you can't return from.
(upbeat music)
- I'm really, I'm really tired, like not tired, like sleepy.
Like, there is so much going on.
Do you feel like that ever?
No, you, 'cause you have what I want,
which is like you have one thing.
It's like you're one thing that everything you do
is like towards that thing.
And I have like a dozen things and they're all like
in different directions and they have nothing to do
with each other, and I'm so tired
of having so many different things going on.
Do you ever feel that way?
- I think, I do feel that.
I don't think it's the same extreme as you,
but we've got, so we've got SST, got SST.
We've got our secret project that no one knows about.
Me and Liz have stuff that we work on.
So I also feel like very split.
- Yeah.
- But not to the same degree as you.
I think all of my things have synergy with each other.
So like working on any one of those
like moves them all forward in a way.
- Yeah, there's no synergy.
All of mine are completely disparate.
- I mean, I actually feel that way
when I was like consulting and I had a bunch of clients
that were unrelated, but even there somehow like
they would even line up sometimes.
- Yeah, it's not even like, it's not even work things.
'Cause I do just kind of have like one work focus,
but it's just like, so I'm getting an assistant up to speed.
She used to work for us.
She says a house assistant and then she had a baby
and we lost her.
She's very detailed oriented.
It's very hard to find people.
- Oh my God, don't say we lost her.
- Well, we lost her to the other hood.
- She had a baby and then we lost her.
- Yeah, you know what I mean.
No, I didn't kill her.
- Would you kill her?
(laughing)
- So she, but now the baby's old enough
that she can kind of like help again.
So she's helping me with just my digital life.
I had this folder, like a shared drive
that I'm organizing at like the top level.
There's like top level folders
for kind of all these different areas I'm talking about
that are making me so stressed.
And it started and I was like,
there's like three top level folders.
And it's like, these are the three things
that I'm doing right now that matter.
And then I was like, oh no, I forgot.
Now there's seven.
There's seven of them.
There's seven top level folders.
I just added one this morning.
I was like, I can't believe I forgot that.
There's like too many things going on.
And that's like high level,
like high level buckets that matter to me right now.
It's not even like seven different tasks.
It's like each one of those like a whole umbrella
of crazy things, it's just too much.
But like I don't,
and when I think about like,
maybe I need to drop something.
Maybe I need to stop doing some of these things.
There's not one of them that I want to stop doing.
It's like, I want to do them all.
I just have a thirst for life decks.
I don't know what to tell you.
I just, I want to do it all.
- This funny thought where you were like,
I want to drop something.
I was like, I'm going to leave this family.
That's the one you choose.
You're like the family folder, dull eats.
(laughing)
Oh man.
Oh, that's funny.
Everyone thinks I'm on drugs and Twitch chat.
I'm not on drugs.
I am sick.
So my voice sounds very weird
and it's very hard for me to deliver a sentence.
I'm not, no, what did I say?
Did I sound drunk?
Even you looked at me funny decks.
What did I, I did just lose a lot of blood.
- Someone said you were a drug when you were,
when you made that funny noise about how you feel
when you hear yourself when you're looking for clips.
Yeah, yeah.
I weren't saying that you're on steroids
that you, you know, you have to like stop.
- My, my, no joke, my jujitsu coach.
First time he's known to like, like he said in the past,
like, oh yeah, have you seen Jamie over at that gym?
He's totally on Royds.
Like he's always talking about people being on the juice.
And the first time in my six months of doing jujitsu
at this gym, he asked me last time I saw him on Sunday,
what, am I hitting the juice?
He asked me if I was hitting the juice.
I mean, so I'm getting big.
- That's a compliment, I guess.
- I know.
- You look good, yeah.
- 'Cause this is all natural.
This is plant-based, you know what I'm saying?
- Yeah, sounds great.
- It's all hard work.
- Looks fantastic.
Looks and sounds fantastic.
- All right.
- Now's all the time to be flexing that.
(laughing)
- Oh man.
If I start losing my hair, you guys can,
you can drag test me for Royds.
But I'm not on the juice.
- Wait, you lose hair when you take steroids?
- Isn't that like a symptom?
I think you like to lose hair.
- Oh, because our phones higher?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
That makes sense.
- That is, yeah, maybe.
I don't know the mechanism, but I think you lose hair.
- That's what happened to me.
- You get all ragey.
Oh, that's what happened, it's the Royds.
(laughing)
- Yeah.
They're not working for my muscles,
but they're helping me lose hair.
- Bertrand says it increases DHT,
which causes hair loss, I think.
He thinks though.
He knows these very specific details,
but he just thinks.
He's not sure.
- I'm very confused,
'cause that's like the first serious message
I've ever seen from him in a year of seeing him in chat.
- Paul, you know a lot about steroids there.
I'm just saying.
- He like has an aiming serious for a legit year,
and then he chimes in for one steroid fact.
(laughing)
- He knows a lot about hair loss.
- That's funny.
- I'm gonna put a bow on this.
Just my little rant, because I'm not depressed.
- I'm really not.
- But it feels like the beginning
of what leads to depression,
which is the more I think about working years,
these are the years of our prime
where we're really producing and whatever.
We're a cog in the machine, right?
We're creating or whatever.
We're working all these years,
and it's our prime physical years too.
And so when I think about like,
maybe I need to stop with the jujitsu
and the trying to be like,
I'm trying to push so hard physically
and do all these things.
And maybe that's just too much time.
I can't devote that right now,
and I'll do it later in life.
And it's like, no, I don't wanna do it when I'm 55.
Like I wish I would have been doing jujitsu in my 20s.
I was running a startup, you know?
Like I was doing the work stuff.
It's, it makes me so mad
that like there's three very important things in life.
And not that like you have to have a family,
but that's the other important thing.
It's like I'm raising my family
that my kids are young.
And like all of them overlap.
It's like literally you have kids
when you're also in your working prime
and also in your physical prime.
Oh, you want to do physical activity?
Yeah, juggle that with your family and your work.
It sucks.
I don't know, there's no answer.
And every time I come back to it,
I just get sad and then I move on,
but it just sucks.
I hate it.
- Have you considered doing cocaine?
- No, that's a great idea.
(laughing)
- I feel like--
- Speed through it all.
- That was very like serious thing.
And I was like.
(laughing)
- I'm just gonna go for the cocaine.
- Comedic relief, yeah, cocaine, okay.
So maybe I could just like--
- I mean, have you?
Like I think that would, you know--
- I've never done cocaine, no.
I don't even know where you get cocaine.
Like I have a guy for some things,
but I don't know where he,
I don't think he does cocaine.
- I literally started, I was gonna make fun of you,
but then I started laughing
and then I started choking.
And I'm gonna ignore all of that.
Is there any cocaine in the Ozarks?
Is there like one gram of cocaine in the Ozarks somewhere?
- I'm sure, but like I think people prefer meth here.
It's like every region has their cuisine, you know?
Like you go, you get gumbo in the south.
Like here, meth is the choice, a drug of choice.
- Is it, is meth productive?
Like can you be, 'cause cocaine's very productive.
- I think it's similar, similar, like it's an upper.
- Upper, yeah.
- I don't know if that's the right term,
but I think people like go bananas, like very energetic,
but also they don't eat and your teeth fall out
and you get big sores on your face.
It's like cocaine for poor people.
- I see.
- That's what meth is.
- 'Cause I feel like,
I know people that do cocaine and have very normal lives,
like do it like a lot.
Like do it like.
- Like you and Liz?
Or, do I seem like I'm on a cocaine,
I don't think I have that energy.
- No, you've got a very chill vibe now.
Same with Liz.
- Yeah, maybe Zuko though.
I don't know, I'm not sure about Zuko.
He's a little amped up.
- He's actually really calm, for the most part.
He is a dog, you know.
But yes, I do live in Miami.
- So cocaine can be,
it can fit into a balanced life is what you're saying.
Cocaine doesn't, it gets the wrong reputation.
- I mean, I don't know if it's the wrong reputation,
but like I've seen people,
what's it called like a functional addict or whatever,
they call it?
Like I've seen people do that with cocaine.
- A cocaine.
- And man, does it make you productive?
- Do they sleep less?
- I'm sure, I'm sure.
- Or they give the work done during the hours.
- Yeah, all of that.
Yeah.
So that's always an option, you know,
if you feel like you have a lot to do
and you can't fit it all in one day.
- Just cocaine.
I was thinking a little more socially acceptable
and just like starting caffeine again.
That seems like maybe a shorter path, I don't know,
than getting into cocaine.
- You just seem like the kind of guy
that would like go for the best.
The thing that's the most effective.
Kind of the best, yeah.
But it's not good for your heart.
You said like, I'm also trying,
I'm really considering this.
So we got to have this conversation.
I'm really trying to be healthy as well.
- Okay, I'm 100% joking, so.
- Okay, yeah, yeah, me.
Totally joking.
- I mean, okay, I'm like 80% joking.
Maybe it would help you.
I don't know.
- Uh-huh, 100% over here.
I was 100% joking.
- Whatever I say.
I know this idea is not gonna get passed through your wife,
so it's.
- Yeah, that's true.
- That's gonna be the filter.
So I can say whatever.
- But maybe caffeine.
- Maybe. I just, it hurts your sleep.
It affects your sleep.
I'm trying to get like good sleep scores every night.
I'm basically trying to be Brian Johnson.
But like, I don't care about my skin.
- That's all.
(laughs)
- I was like, dude, Brian Johnson, mine is the skincare.
(upbeat music)
- I'm trying to move.
- You're moving out of your house?
- But I'm trying to move next door.
- Wait, what?
- I don't know if it's gonna work out.
Okay, so the house next to mine is owned by my landlord,
like he owns both.
And it's his wife's grandparents are visiting,
so they've been staying there.
But it's bigger and it has like a bigger backyard.
- Is it real grass?
- It seems nicer.
No, it's not.
My landlord loves ripping out the real grass
and putting fake grass.
I get why from landlord point of view,
that's like a good investment.
'Cause you don't have to take care of it.
- Yeah, and the demand for like rent demand has gone down.
- Oh, really?
- At least a little bit.
So that house is cheaper than what it was last time.
It was available for at least.
And now it's very close to the same price as our place.
So I'm kind of like, that would be a nice upgrade.
Moving is annoying.
Moving next door plus annoying than like moving moving.
- Oh, that's way better.
Yeah, you could do it.
Could you do it over time even?
Would they let you like?
- Yeah, for sure.
I could do like.
- I'd have a moving day where you get people
that will gradually help you.
- Yeah, and I've had done this before.
I've moved within the same building in New York.
I've moved up a couple floors.
- What about moving up a couple floors
was worth the trade off of having to move all your stuff?
- It was, I went from a studio to a one bedroom.
I was moving up in life.
I was moving up and out to you.
- You're moving up.
- Moving up in life, you know.
- Is that how it works in New York?
The higher, how the penthouse?
- Actually, now that I think about it,
did I go lower?
I think I might've went lower.
I don't remember, but it was bigger.
- I think it'd be more desirable to be closer to the ground.
Like less elevator time.
- No, no, higher is better.
'Cause yeah, you're right.
You're right.
The elevator time is a thing, but you get in the elevator
with someone else in the elevator.
They punch nine.
You punch 24.
- And you just feel better?
'Cause your number is bigger.
- You know who's on top, literally.
- Wow. - That's why.
- Humans are simple.
We're a pretty simple organism when you think about it.
- Yeah, bigger number better.
- Bigger number better, yeah.
- Yeah, so I don't know if we're gonna be able to do
'cause I think I talked in this morning
and he said that somebody noticed under contract then.
- Wait, somebody, he's under contract with somebody else
and you're not sure if you'll be able to do it?
- I messaged him yesterday 'cause we had the idea
that I taught, he was walking by my house this morning,
so I taught him real quick and he said,
somebody sent the contract then.
I don't know if that means that it's finalized or anything, but.
- Can I ask, I've heard about your morning routine
of going out in your boxers and walking Zuko
around your AstroTurf.
Were you in your boxers
when you had this conversation with your landlord?
No other clothes.
- No, I had a shirt on today.
- Oh, okay.
- Sometimes I don't like it.
- No, it's been cold here for like, it's been so long.
- No, 65, yeah, we'll do on the ground.
- Okay, let me try to defend myself.
Let me try to explain why I'm gonna complain about this.
- Good luck.
- I'll preface it with acknowledging,
yes, everyone has it worse than me,
but here's the thing, I moved here to not worry
about temperature.
The mornings, it's been around like 50 to 60, okay?
When I wake up.
- Yeah.
- So I can't do the thing which I love more
than anything in the world, which is roll out of bed
and walk outside in whatever I'm wearing.
I have to put on a shirt or like put on something.
I think it's like one layer, or like one long sleeve layer.
- Yeah.
- And that just ruins my morning.
That ruins my routine.
That ruins like a big part of what's great here.
Yeah, and it's cold.
I think, you know, later in the day it gets to 70s,
which is fantastic, but yeah.
Look, what I'm saying is I'm basically the same as you.
You have to, you have to wake up.
If you have to go outside, you have to like get dressed
and you know, that whole routine.
- Yeah, I'd love for you to come visit Niosarks.
Like when it's, you know, the polar vortex is here
and it's taking it for 15.
- What the hell is that?
- And we're trying to get our two kids
to the grocery store and it's minus 15 degrees
and everyone has to wear like six layers.
- Yeah, I'd love for you to come visit.
We'll have a good time.
And you can appreciate what you really got, Dax.
That you had to slip on a t-shirt
before you walked outside in your underwear.
You poor thing.
(laughing)
- Yeah, but it's hard.
- Yeah, but hard, but it's a good one.
Good comeback.
(laughing)
- I'm curious, aren't you rich enough to buy a house
while you're renting?
I can understand this as European.
So I still own an apartment in New York
and I don't think I can buy two houses realistically.
So I need to sell that one before I can buy another one.
- Are you ever gonna sell it?
Are you still trying to sell it?
Did people in New York just decide that?
- Yeah, we got a tenant in there ever since we left.
So her, she's gonna be out this,
something I'm gonna be able to ask
'cause she wants a renew, but assuming she doesn't,
we're gonna try to list it this summer.
I don't know if anyone's gonna buy it.
Like it's, I just can't,
I don't know why someone would go take out
a 7% mortgage right now to buy my apartment.
It just doesn't have any sense at it.
- Is it 7%?
- Something like that.
- That's so rough.
- Wow.
- So yeah, I don't know.
For the price that I would need to sell it at,
like I'm very skeptical.
So we're like in this weird trap situation,
I'm okay renting the only pain point with it is
we can't fix stuff in the house.
We can, but it feels dumb.
And it's just like, you know,
it's like a little bit more overhead
like asking the landlord for permission.
- Yeah. So yeah, I'm fine with the setup for now,
but P version offered me 50K for the New York department.
(laughing)
If it gets to that, I'm gonna have a problem.
- Yeah.
- Did I ever tell you about our,
if I've already told you, please just stop me,
but they ever tell you about our moving to Florida
and then moving back financial situation?
- Because you sold the house for a loss
and that person sold it again for a profit.
- And it was like probably like a 30% loss
and they sold it for like a 30% increase.
It was like the same amount we lost on it.
- I hate that.
(laughing)
- They're just people in life
where like just tiny is beautiful for them.
- Yeah, but they just time everything.
Yeah. Or are they just patient?
Am I just so impatient that I'm always on the wrong end
of timing because I just can't wait.
- I'm just, I'm convinced that there's no controlling this
'cause it's just so, it's just so random.
Like all the people that bought places
towards the beginning of COVID, like damn.
Prices were low and the interest rates were super low.
- Yeah, life was good. - Yeah, time it.
How are you gonna predict?
- I did, I guess I timed my mortgage here
like at the 2.5% or whatever.
- Yeah, my New York apartment is similar
but yeah, we're stuck with it for now.
- I just had this thought of you being my landlord
and wow, it's your somebody's landlord
and that's hilarious to me.
- Just like, you know what's back.
Yeah, it's been interesting having this experience
because I lived in that apartment.
Okay, I lived in it.
And like any place that's not brand new,
there's some things that are a little wrong with it.
Like one of the windows isn't open properly.
- Yeah.
- But again, you're like on the eighth floor,
you're not in New York,
you're not like opening your window all the time
but other windows open fine.
We actually did try to get it fixed
and the company like, we paid them to fix it
and they like didn't, they fixed half of it
and they didn't have, wasn't really fixed.
But I'm like, you know, it's not the biggest deal in the world.
I'm not gonna pay thousands
to get this window fixed and not a big deal.
But you know, for our tenant, she's like,
hey, I need this window fixed.
And I'm like, oh, this is why landlords are the way they are
'cause I'm like, it doesn't fucking matter.
I'm not gonna spend $1,000 on fixing this window.
You can just use the other fucking window, you know?
But I'm like, okay, I get it.
I have a little bit of empathy
for how annoying landlords are.
I'm definitely not as annoying as the typical landlord
who's like deep in them and has had that mindset
for like decades, but it's weird.
- Yeah, you're not totally calloused yet and hardened.
- Yeah.
- You are from other things, but not being a landlord.
(laughing)
- Bieber dropped his offer to 48K.
- Oh man, so good.
- Also being a tenant like remotely from another state
is like also a whole thing 'cause you can't just go.
- Oh yeah, that's tough.
- Do they follow you on Twitter?
Does your tenant follow you?
That'd be hilarious to me.
- She moved in there 'cause her two daughters
are now in college and she was like downsized
and they'll live just by herself.
I don't think she follows me on Twitter.
(laughing)
- That'd be really weird.
- 'Cause I think that'd be hilarious.
If she knew your online presence,
like just like your personality on the internet,
if that would change her as a tenant
and her relationship with you.
- I wonder.
- People find their online personalities weird
and so our secret project.
- Yes, I'm so excited.
- The other person we're working with on our secret project
that's not from our bubble.
- Yes.
- So I know him, this is gonna be so big and so funny.
- Let's call him D.
- D, what?
That may sound like that's me.
(laughing)
- Oh yeah, your name's like the D, okay, nevermind.
- I don't remember your name in anything.
- That person, yeah, yeah.
- Okay, so he's obviously not from our,
wait no, not that person, not D.
- No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
The person who we're buying this stuff from.
- Oh, gotcha, okay, yeah.
- Okay, that person, that person.
- Buying what stuff?
Everyone's so curious now, they can't handle it.
- Yeah, the secret project.
So the person we're buying this stuff from
for the thing that we're trying to do,
he's a friend of a friend.
And my friend was saying that he was looking us up
'cause for the stuff that we do.
And obviously one, we're like this weird space
where we're using all these technical terms
that nobody uses, that's outer space.
- Yeah.
- But two, he just could not tell what was serious
and what was like a joke in all position posts.
And I realized like, wow, we probably come across
really, really weird.
- Yeah, for like people who, yeah, just to imagine
someone who has no technical base,
like they have no knowledge on that front.
And then trying to parse what you say on Twitter,
that would be tough.
- It's like, I make a sarcastic joke
about something technical.
And they're like, there's no way for them
to understand that. - They're so hard
to unfurl that.
- But then like all these people liking it
and retweeting it and it's like, what?
- It's super confusing.
Yeah, it's really weird. - It's like an alien.
- I want to find this equivalent in another bubble
so I can experience it.
Like architecture is Twitter.
There's some, something like that.
- 'Cause when I think of Twitter,
I do think like the tech presence is huge on Twitter.
Is there other communities that that's
their primary outlet is Twitter?
I'm sure.
I just do know anything. - Well, FinTech
Twitter is kind of on there.
But I feel like they're so similar to tech Twitter
and like there's so much overlap that I can like
understand what they're talking about.
I've interested in what they're talking about
and they're-- - Okay.
- Divide the similar to ours.
But I've seen that one.
- Yeah, what about like doctors?
I want to like a trade that's like totally disconnected
but they all hang out on Twitter.
Like they're not an internet profession.
- I would love to see doctors being like--
- Is there such a thing?
- LOL, actually killed my patient today.
Happens to all of us.
That one's quote treating it.
Oh, that sucks.
But like, you know, that happens to me too.
- Yeah, I need to find, I need to be exposed
'cause you can't really like the way social graphs work.
You can't just like be dropped into the middle of like--
- Yeah, I know. - That, you know what I mean?
You could see like a straight tweet here and there
and you could see the people interacting with it
but you can't experience a timeline like someone in that.
Unless you're looking over someone's shoulder.
You got to know somebody.
- This is a feature I've wanted
where I could pick someone on Twitter
and see their timeline.
- It's like they allow you to?
- No, 'cause you can see all their follow.
You like, you know who they're following, that's public.
So I want to just have something that generates a feed
so I can like view through their eyes, you know?
- Isn't there like some algorithmic magic happening though?
It's not just like every tweet from all the people
you follow. - It's not just that.
But I feel like that would get close.
- Yeah, I guess so.
Like the non for you tab, what are the other ones called?
- Yeah, I've always wanted that 'cause I'm like,
I do wonder what that how this person sees.
- Yeah, we need to see life from their eyes.
- Yeah, that would be a great feature.
Elon, if you're listening to this podcast.
- Why'd you stop and say podcast?
- 'Cause I forgot what it was called.
(laughing)
I forgot the word.
- Elon, if you're listening to this podcast,
it was like on an automated phone system.
When they like, it's like they've recorded
a little like natural sentences
and they drop in the word that's like dynamic.
(laughing)
- That's really funny.
- So that's it.
- Our rhythm is so different when you make fun of me.
It like feels like we're entering a different dimension.
- 'Cause it takes me so long to get there.
- No, it's not that.
It's just like.
- Oh, just I don't make funny you much.
- Just like the vibe is, yeah, just like totally shifts.
(laughing)
- Oh, it's funny.
I wish I wasn't sick.
I hate being sick.
- I mean, it's allergies probably, but.
- What do you, is that serious?
I don't think it's allergies.
Art, is it the middle of winter?
Like what allergies?
Isn't everything dead?
- I don't know.
I mean, it's been getting warmer.
I do feel like every year I start getting this like allergy
and then this isn't, this is something else.
But I start getting allergies when it starts to warm up.
Like when the weather changes drastically,
we went from like super cold to pretty nice.
And I think that's when it is.
Man, there's so many things I wanna say on our podcast
that I can't because I don't wanna offend people.
- What?
What are you talking about?
- No, you have to say it now.
- You know, and there's like people in our little sphere
that are kind of in our sphere, but like,
I'm not really like friendly with them.
And there's just things I wanna say,
but I'm not gonna say it 'cause it's like a podcast.
Like people listen to it, you know?
People listen.
- Hey, Brian Johnson says you need more haters.
If you don't have haters, you're not going hard on that.
- But I don't wanna create like riffs
in our little community, you know?
- Maybe you're being a narcissist
'cause you think that you're so important
that you could create a rift.
- No, I just, (laughs)
I gotta try a different angle.
I'm just trying to feel what you're saying.
- Yeah, and I'm not gonna say it.
It was like multiple things came to mind.
I just looked at something on my computer
and like more than one person,
I just wanna say something, but I'm not gonna say it.
And you know, it's tough filtering yourself
for the internet.
- Can you tell me after?
- Oh sure, yeah.
Of course, part of our phone calls
that we don't record or stream.
- Yeah.
- I don't know, I feel like I have a pretty measured take
on people, I feel like I have a pretty good read
'cause I don't know if I've said this before.
I generally like people.
Like my default is I really like people.
Even people, like my wife doesn't like a lot of people.
She has like, what is she like warm up to?
- And she's like, what is that?
You were like, I generally like people, even my wife.
(laughs)
- No, no, no, no.
My wife, her default is not to like people.
It's like they have to earn it, you know what I mean?
For me, like, I'm like a puppy
and I come into any new encounter with somebody
and I just immediately like them.
And they have to really like make me not like them,
like shake me off with a stick.
Kind of, this is that thing
where I take forever to get to a point.
- Well, I say, oh yeah, so I generally like people.
So when I don't like somebody
for specific reasons, am I right?
- It's a big deal.
- I feel like there's a reason.
It's not like I'm saying that person is bad
or that they're universally,
just that like, I have a pretty good read on people.
I don't know.
I know that because I don't know why I wouldn't like them.
- I agree with you.
I think having seen you,
if you don't like someone, that's like a big signal.
If I don't like someone, not very surprising,
but if you don't like someone, it's like, you know.
- I think there's something there,
something they could work on.
And I should just be a good communicator
and take it to them and say, hey, listen.
There's something about it.
- It would be so funny.
(laughs)
It would be so funny if you gave this exact speech to them.
Like, hey, I'm someone that generally really likes people.
For you, for whatever reason, I don't like you.
You might wanna think about that.
And that's all you said.
- I would never say that.
I'm too non-confrontational.
I'm too Midwestern.
I'm not an East Coaster, like, I don't just say stuff.
- Midwesterners are fake.
- It's true.
I mean, it really is.
It's a big glossy LinkedIn layer of fake.
- LinkedIn layer.
(laughs)
- LinkedIn wasn't invented in the Midwest.
- It probably was.
I wouldn't be surprised.
- Okay, well, I wanna get off now so you can tell me what--
- Okay, yeah.
- What you should probably get off anyway, yeah.
- Yeah, I'll tell you what I saw.
It feels like when I have these thoughts, it just feels mean.
But it's not mean, it's just like--
- I have a thought on this concept.
- Yeah.
- Do you notice, and maybe this is a me thing,
but a lot of people relate to this.
If you're out and you're listening to any two people talking,
you're like, they sound like a bunch of idiots.
They're like, "It sounds so stupid."
You drop on the thing, it just sounds so dumb.
- Yeah.
- And I bet people listening to you,
it just sounds so stupid.
- It's true.
- For every reason, when people aren't in your circle,
they just sound dumb and you're just like,
this person sucks.
- Yeah, yeah, for sure.
I think about that all the time,
like if my wife ever listened to our podcast,
she's just gonna think I'm an idiot.
- Well, that's a different problem, but--
- Well, yeah, it's true.
(laughs)
- No, I'm just kidding.
So I think that's what it is, you know?
It's not me, it's just the reality of--
- Well, but these are people in my circle.
They're not outside my circle, that's the problem.
- Like in your circle?
- Yeah, like in-ish.
And you know how like--
- In, but not in, but in-ish.
- But this is, like, I think this is an important distinction
because it is interesting, like,
there's your immediate circle.
There's like, they have very close friends.
And then there's like, this broader weird amoeba
that is like, we all kind of belong to the same crowd
'cause we're all on Twitter and we're all devs or whatever.
But like, I don't know,
I wouldn't choose to hang out with a lot of them.
But like, how do I say this?
I can't, never mind.
I can't go any further.
- Yeah, this also I'm writing you another thing.
So do you know what the, like the graph partitioning problem is?
- This is exactly, I don't know what it is.
But you just nailed the words, yes, go ahead.
- So like if you have a bunch of nodes
and they're interconnected, let's say it's like,
like a literal example could be like a social network,
like friends of friends and like you draw a graph
and you connect anything and you have to draw a line
that cleanly splits the graph in half.
And it's like, you can do it maybe decently,
but you're gonna like, cross.
- There's gonna be stragglers or there's gonna be some.
- Yeah, there's gonna be some.
- That you shouldn't cut out.
- Yeah, exactly.
And it's like, it's an NP hard problem, right?
It's like something that's not,
you can't really do it effectively.
And this is why you had to get technical graph databases
and never took off that much
'cause you can't partition them
across multiple servers easily.
- Yeah, yeah.
- But you can get close.
And this is what that is.
- It's exactly what it is.
And when they're the few moments
when we all get together in person,
it makes those things stand out.
And again, not like there's bad people
that shouldn't be in this group.
It's that like, you just, as a person,
you're never gonna vibe with everybody.
- Yeah.
- I hate saying the word vibe 'cause I feel so Gen Z.
But like, you're never gonna connect
and really resonate with every single person that you should.
Maybe you should in the sense that like,
they have similar interests, they have similar whatever.
You're similar stages of life.
You're in a group that all shares a lot in common.
You're not gonna connect with all of them in the same way.
So when you do all get together,
it just makes for like some awkward,
you're gonna end up with people
that you just don't really connect with that well.
Anyway, I'm gonna stop.
- It's so complicated.
Like two people can get along well,
but then like that person might not get along nicely
with another person.
- Yeah.
- And it is very complex.
And the other funny thing is even in a group
where it's working well, let's say it's a group
of like five people and you always hang out
and it's always a great time.
There's also situations where like, for whatever reason,
like three of them left the room.
And then you're with the person that you realize
you never wanna interact with.
And you never know, the years, you would never notice this.
And then you're in that situation and you're like,
this is really weird.
- I'm extremely uncomfortable.
- Yeah, yeah, it's like every person brings out
different parts of you.
And when you're in a group and you're always together
in that group, you're a different person
than when you're with one of them alone
or any one of them.
So yeah, it's interesting, the graph thing.
As soon as you said that graph partitioning
or whatever you said, it's like that is the problem.
It's exactly a problem.
All these interconnected nodes,
everybody has relationships with everybody in different ways.
And then you try to all get together
and then parts of it splits off.
And then you end up, yeah, I mean,
you should just tough it out and be like, whatever.
I can learn to enjoy being around anybody,
but you can't, you just can't.
Some people just kind of get on their own side.
- We're gonna experience this at React Miami
'cause everyone's gonna be over in my house.
And I think that one should be fine, but yeah, we'll see.
You never know.
- So you do have like a very strict invite thing you're doing.
I had to like fill out a form.
It was like, what's your name?
And I'm like, oh, I just want to put something stupid here.
Name and email address.
- You did put something stupid.
You put Adam Elmore in there.
- Oh, stop it.
It's not stupid to name that stupid.
I mean, I just don't want to like sign up my address
to a bunch of random people.
- Yeah, no, it's a good idea.
I think putting a little barrier there is good.
- Everyone at your house is chat invited.
- Is it gonna be at your car house?
- Well, that's what I was thinking of.
- As if I move around to update the invite
and like bump it up by two numbers.
(laughing)
Guys, major change in venue.
It's now like 50 feet to the left.
(laughing)
- That's funny.
- Okay.
- All right.
- Let's go.
Let's end it abruptly and awkwardly.
- All right. - Goodbye.
- See ya.
(upbeat music)